We've seen what's Go,
why Go is important, why it was created.
We've seen the fundamentals.
I mean, there are three rules, that
everything is like it is because we want
something simple to code that can run
really fast, efficient, execution, and
efficient compilation, okay?
We've seen all the fundamentals
of the syntax.
Now you are more confident than before
in seeing Go code, executing Go code.
We cover from the syntax,
100% of the syntax, that's all on Go.
Maybe there are more to read
about different libraries,
the standard libraries.
Yeah, there are more
standard libraries and
more functions on the standard
libraries that we mentioned.
But we covered the most common use cases.
And now that you understand where to look,
the design patterns such as
the error design patterns,
you can confidently use any other
function that we haven't used today.
From the standard libraries, we've cover
some basics like the format package,
the HTTP package, we've seen something
on the strings, string conversions.
We mentioned Goroutines and channels.
Remember this threading thing?
It has its own problem.
Every time you are working with threads,
you are adding some challenges.
So, something like that.
Then we've covered templating, so
how templating works, the fundamentals,
just the initial part.
So we have an if,
we have a for, we have a loop.
We've seen how to make
server-side rendering.
Remember that templates are not just for
HTML and the server.
You can also use it for
any kind of string manipulation,
like when you have larger
string manipulations.
And we ended up creating a very small,
first, web server that can serve files,
can serve APIs, simple APIs.
But if there are no more questions,
okay, that's all I have for you.
And I hope that now you're
ready to start building on Go.
Thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]